• "Th e Billio n Dollar Letter" 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Most Successful Letter 
In the History of the World 
 
What follows is the fabled “Two Young Men...” letter written by freelancer Martin Conroy, first sent out in 
1974 and mailed continuously for over 25 years. 
.......................................................................................................................................................................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 • "Th e Billio n Dollar Letter" 
 
Dear R eader:  
 
On a beautiful late spring afternoon, twe nty-five years ago, two young m en gradua ted fro m the same college. 
They  were very  much alike, these two young m en. Both  had been be tter than average students, both were 
personable and bot h—as young college gr aduates are—were filled with am bitious dream s for the future. 
 
Recently , these men returned to thei r college for their 25th reunion. 
 
They  were still ver y much alike. Both were happily ma rried. Both had three children. And bot h, it turned out, 
had gone t o work for the s ame Midwestern manufacturi ng com pany after graduation, and were still there. 
 
But there was  a difference. One of the men was mana ger of  a small department of that com pany. The other was 
its president. 
 
What Made The Diffe rence 
 
Have y ou ever wondered, as I have, what mak es this kind of difference in people' s lives? 
It isn' t a native intelligence or talent or dedication. It  isn't that one person wants success and the other doesn' t. 
 
The difference lies in what each person knows and how he or she makes use of that knowledge. 
 
And that is wh y I am  writing to you and to people li ke you abo ut The Wall Street Journal. 
For that is the  whole purp ose of The Journal: to gi ve its readers knowledge—knowledge that they  can use in 
business. 
 
A Publication Unlike An y Other  
 
You see, The Wall Street Journal is a unique publicati on. It' s the countr y's only national busine ss daily . Each 
business day , it is put together by  the worl d's large st staff of business-news expert s. 
 
Each business day , The Journal's pages include a broad range of information of interest and significance to 
business- minded people, no m atter wher e it co mes fro m. Not just stocks and fina nce, but an ything an d 
every thing in the whole, fast- moving wor ld of busin ess... The Wall Street Journal gives you all the business 
news y ou need—when you  need it. 
 
Knowledge Is Power  
 
Right now, I am looking at  page one of The Journal, t he best-read front page in  America. It com bines all the 
important news of the day with in-depth feature repor t-ing. Every  phase of business news is covered. I see  
articles on new inflation, w holesale prices, car prices, tax incentives for industries to major developm ents in 
Washington, and elsewhere. 
(Over, please ) 
 
And there is page after page inside The Journal, fille d with fascinating and significant information that' s useful 
to you. The Marketplace  section gives you i nsights i nto how consumers are thinking  and spe nding . How • "Th e Billio n Dollar Letter" 
companies co mpete for market share. There is daily  coverage of law, technolog y, media and marketing. Plus  
daily features  on the challe nges of m anaging sm aller companies. 
 
The Journal i s also the single best source for news and statistics ab out your m oney . In the Money  & In vesting  
section there are helpful charts, easy -to-scan market q uotations, plus “Abrea st of the Market, ” “Hea rd on the 
Street” and “ Your Mone y Matters, ” thr ee of A merica's most influential and carefully read invest ment colum ns. 
 
If you have n ever read The Wall Street Journal, you c annot im agine how useful it can be to you. 
 
A Money-Saving Subscription  
 
Put our statements to the proof b y subs cribing for t he next 13 weeks for just $ 44. This is among t he short est 
subscription t erms we offer—and a perfect way to get acquainted with The Journa l. 
 
Or you may prefer to take advantage of o ur better bu y —one y ear fo r $149 . You s ave over $40 off the cover 
price of The Journal. 
 
Simply fill out the enclosed order card and m ail it in the postage-paid envelope pr o-vided. 
And here' s The Journal' s guarantee:  should The Jour nal not m easure up to your e xpectations, you m ay cancel 
this arrangement at any poi nt and receive a ref und for  the undeliver ed portion of your subscription. 
 
If you feel as we do that thi s is a fair and reasonable propos ition, the n you will want to find out without dela y if 
The Wall Street Journal can do for you what it is doing for millions of readers. So please mail the enclosed order 
card now, and we will start serving you immediately. 
 
About th ose two college classmates I mention at the beginni ng of this letter: they were graduated fro m college 
together and together got started in the business worl d. So what m ade their lives  in business different?  
 
Knowledge. Useful knowledge . And its application. 
 
An Invest ment In Succes s 
 
I cannot promise y ou that success will be instantl y yours if  you start reading The Wall Street Journal. But  I can 
guarantee that you will fi nd The Journal  alway s interesting, alway s reliable, and alway s useful. 
 
Sincerely , 
 
 
Publisher 
 
PRK: id 
Encs. 
 
P.S. It' s important to no te that The Journ al's subscription price m ay be tax deduct ible. 
Ask y our tax advisor. 
 
© 1994 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights R eserved.  